Update docs for new Kendo JS and CSS changes (#1680)
telerik/reporting-docs: embedding-reports/display-reports-in-applications/web-application/html5-report-viewer/customizing/styling-and-appearance/templates-overview.md

The article elaborates on the structure of the HTML template file of the HTML5 Report Viewer. The mentioned Report Viewer Template files are provided with your Telerik Reporting Installation - [Installation Directories]({%slug telerikreporting/installation%}#directories-and-asemblies).

The default viewer's template is divided into three areas:

> * the Report Pages Area that is responsible for displaying the report pages, viewer’s status, and error messages;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Report Pages Area - responsible for displaying the report pages, viewer’s status, and error messages.
```

> * the Parameters Area that is responsible for displaying the editor UI for the visible report parameters;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Parameters Area - responsible for displaying parameter editors for the visible report parameters.
```

> * the Document Map Area that displays the report’s document map and allows navigation in its content;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Document Map Area - displays the report’s document map and allows navigation in its content.
```

* __commands__ - a `telerikReportViewer.CommandSet` object that contains all commands;
* __templates__ - an object that contains all templates loaded for the current report viewer instance. The id of the template is used as a property’s name, and the value is the template HTML content.

> Using this declarative approach of describing the report viewer’s layout and behavior allows users to easily tweak any parts of it by simply modifying the templates. Following the above pattern, one can create its own data role and extend the default viewer behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using this declarative approach of describing the report viewer’s layout and behavior allows users to easily tweak any parts of it by simply modifying the templates. Following the above pattern, one can create their own data role and extend the default viewer behavior.
```
